This bite is for you to prevent thieves and be thieves yourself
Disaster to the country and the people is unbearable
This moment is for you alone
It is more unique to the tiger as Changhan Zhongliang
This Moment
Damn it for you
Although it is hard to die
Redemption Emperor
Master Shen
The remaining nine prayers
Otherwise, you will suffer for Shen Wuji
Crazy crazy
This Miezhong is crazy
I fought with you
Stop
Are you crazy?
Although crazy
But
You are the one who is about to die
that
I have nothing more to say to you
Haha, Li Xuan.
I'm telling you, for eight years
Why did I come to be the god of this world?
And you can only rely on women to be strong
Baring teeth and cracking mouth here
Because I understand winners
And you won't
You'll just be like a jumping clown
Jumping up and down here
crazy
In the end, he killed all the women who supported you
You two are done.
Are those your last words?
I mean, the writing is mediocre.
head
brother
Go ahead and kill this box for me